style(*): grammar, spelling, punctuation (#539)
discordjs/guide: guide/popular-topics/errors.md

# Errors

There is no doubt that you have encountered errors while making bots. While errors are instrumental at warning you of what is going wrong, many people are stumped by them and how to track them down and fix them, but don't worry, we have you covered. This section will be all about diagnosing errors, identifying where they are coming from, and fixing them.

## Types of Errors

### API Errors

API Errors or DiscordAPIErrors are thrown by the Discord API when an invalid request carries out. API Errors can be mostly diagnosed using the message that is given. You can further examine errors by inspecting the HTTP method and path used. We will explore tracking these errors down in the next section.

Example: `DiscordAPIError: Cannot send an empty message`

> ### discord.js Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### discord.js errors
```

In this section and the next, "errors" should be lowercase. `Error` may be a JS class but that's not exactly how it's being referred as here. The sentences "x errors are errors that are thrown when y" should be "x errors are thrown when y".

- `ETIMEDOUT` - A connect or send request failed because the receiving party did not respond after some time.
- `EPIPE` - The remote side of the stream being written to has been closed.
- `ENOTFOUND` - The domain being accessed is unavailable, usually caused by a lack of internet, can be thrown by the websocket and http API.
- `ECONNREFUSED` - The target machine refused the connection; check your ports and firewall.

## How to diagnose API errors

API Errors can be tracked down by adding an event listener for unhandled rejections and looking at the extra info.

> This can be done by quickly adding this to your main file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by adding this to your main file.
```

  method: 'GET'
```

All of this information can help you track down what caused the error and how to fix it. In this section, we will run through what each property means.

### Message

The most important part of the error is the message. It tells you what actually went wrong, which can help you track down where it originates. 
You can find a full list of messages [here](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/opcodes-and-status-codes#json) in the Discord API Docs.

### Path

> The path is another helpful piece of information. The path tells you where you tried to execute an action. We cannot possibly cover all API paths, but they are usually very descriptive. For example, in our example above, the path tells us we are first in the channels path, then judging by the id after it, we can see we got a specific channel. After the `/api/v7/channels/638200642359525387` we can see that we get the `messages` of that channel, and in the same way we saw before, we see we try to access a specific message by id; however, we gave it an invalid id, which is the origin of the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path is another helpful piece of information. The path tells you where you tried to execute an action. We cannot possibly cover all API paths, but they are usually very descriptive. In the example above, the path tells us we are first in the channels path, then judging by the id after it, we can see we got a specific channel. After the `/api/v7/channels/638200642359525387` we can see that we get the `messages` of that channel, and in the same way we saw before, we see we try to access a specific message by id; however, we gave it an invalid id, which is the origin of the message.
```

client.on('message', someHandlerFunction);

client.login('your-token-goes-here');

> //  client will not be logged in yet!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// client will not be logged in yet!
```

client.on('message', someHandlerFunction);

client.login('your-token-goes-here');

> //  client will not be logged in yet!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// client will not be logged in yet!
```

client.users.fetch('myId').then(someInitFunction);
```

### MessageEmbed field names may not be empty.

> This error originates from calling `MessageEmbed.addFields()` with a field object with an empty string as a value for the `name` field. If you would like the title to be empty for a reason, you should use a zero width space, which can be input as `\u200b`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error originates from calling `MessageEmbed.addFields()` with a field object's `name` property as an empty string. If you would like the title to be empty for a reason, you should use a zero width space, which can be input as `\u200b`.
```

### MessageEmbed field values may not be empty.

> In conjunction with the previous error, this error is the result of calling `MessageEmbed.addFields()` with a field object that has an empty string as a value for the `value` field. You can use a zero width space if you would like this empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In conjunction with the previous error, this error is the result of calling `MessageEmbed.addFields()` with a field object's `value` property as an empty string. You can use a zero width space if you would like this empty.
```

### MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected...

This error is caused by spawning a large number of event listeners, usually for the client. The most common cause of this is nesting your event listeners instead of separating them. The way to fix this error is to make sure you do not nest your listeners; it is **not** to use `emitter.setMaxListeners()` as the error suggests.

You can debug these messages in different ways:
- Through the [CLI](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_trace_warnings): `node --trace-warnings index.js`
- Through the [`process#warning` event](https://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_event_warning): `process.on('warning', console.warn);`

### Cannot send messages to this user.

> This error throws when the bot attempts to send a DM message to a user, and it is unable to do so. A variety of reasons causes this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error throws when the bot attempts to send a DM message to a user but is unable to do so. A variety of reasons causes this:
```
